Update the result of generate command [skip ci] (#35924)
rails/rails: guides/source/engines.md

called `Blorgh::ArticlesController` (at
`app/controllers/blorgh/articles_controller.rb`) and its related views at

> `app/views/blorgh/articles`. This generator also generates a test for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app/views/blorgh/articles`. This generator also generates tests for the
```
